add VeSync voltage and yearly, weekly, montly energy sensors (#22990)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/vesync.markdown

## Power & Energy Sensors

> Many VeSync outlets support power & energy monitoring. These data are exposed as sensor entities alongside the outlet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many VeSync outlets support power & energy monitoring. This data is exposed as sensor entities alongside the outlet
```
